(1) How many resources do we have in IAM ?
Ans:- 1. users
      2. groups
      3. roles
      4. policies

 (2) Deployment model in IAM ?
Ans:- 1. On-Premises IAM
      2. Cloud-based IAM
      3. Hybrid IAM

 (3) Identities in IAM ?
Ans:- 1. users 
      2. groups
      3. roles

 (4) What is an IAM uesr ?
 Ans:- IAM users are granted specific permissions or access rights to resources based on policies 
       defined in the IAM system. These permissions dictate what actions the user can perform on
       various resources within the system.

(5) What is the IAM group ?
Ans:- It is the security feature that helps manage user access to resources and services in a system.

(6) What is the IAM role ?
Ans:- Is a set of permissions that define what actions can be performed on which resources.

(7) What is the IAM policy ?
Ans:- It is the set of permissions that denied on AWS resources. Policies are associated with
      IAM users, groups, or roles and dictate their level of access within an AWS environment.

(8) Where do we attach identify Based Policy ?
Ans:- Which define permissions for IAM users, groups, or roles, can be attached at different levels 
      within the AWS IAM hietarchy. 
    1. IAM User
    2. IAM Group
    3. IAM Role
    4. AWS Resource Policies

(9) Where do we attach Resource Based Policy ?
Ans:- We attach resource based policies directly to the resource itself such as S3 bucket
      or an IAM role. It help define who can access and perform actions on that specific 
      resource. 

(10) Can we be able to create Policy via json code ?
Ans:- yes

(11) If one user has created it by defualt, which permission has been assigned to that user ?
Ans:- 

(12) What is dominatory policy ?
Ans:- Dominatory policy refers to a policy or approach that is characterized by dominance or control.

(13) What is ARN ? What are the fields in ARN ?
Ans:- ARN stands for Amazon Resource Name. It is unique identifier assigned to resources in AWS.
      *Fields In ARN:-
       a) aws:- The partition which is usually "aws" for standard AWS service.

       b) service:- The service namespace that identifies the AWS service.
          e.g:- S3, EC2, IAM

       c) region:- AWS region code where the resource is located.
          e.g:- us-east-1, eu-west-2

       d) account-id:- AWS account ID that owns the resource.

       e) resource:- The specific identifier for the resource within the service
          e.g:- instanceID, bucket name
(14) How many types of ARN Partition ?
Ans:- 
    
